all of us have challenges would we're in our life in challenges and education
are the same as they are in the rest of life Aldous are blessed
with certain capabilities I for instance was blessed with a decent
mind that works pretty well all of us are to some degree damned by
a failure in some of our personality traits I'm a poor organizer and
a procrastinator and I and the some degree difficult person to get
motivated to something that he doesn't really care about so it's it's
kind of a mixed bag that you take any effort including going to
college so the most difficult part of college to me before I went to
the service was just staying with the program going to class read the
book taken the test once I was in the service it occurred to me Hey
this is easy if you do those things and I just get up and everything
worked out